= Cloning from BasicApp

BasicApp provides no stand-alone functionality.  It purpose is to 
provide a repository for jump-starting a new RubyGem based CLI 
application and provide a point to cloned applications to facilitate
pulling in future enhancements and fixes.

== Features/Dependencies 

* Jeweler for RubyGem management http://github.com/technicalpickles/jeweler
* Rspec for unit testing http://github.com/dchelimsky/rspec
* Cucumber for functional testing http://github.com/tpope/vim-cucumber
* Aruba for CLI testing http://github.com/aslakhellesoy/aruba

== Jump-starting a new project with BasicApp

The following steps illustrate creating a new application called "oct." Oct
is a simple command line utility that prints file listing permissions in octal
notation.

    cd ~/workspace
    git clone git://github.com/robertwahler/basic_app.git oct
    cd oct

=== Setup repository for cloned project

We are going to change the origin URL to our own server and setup a remote
for pulling in future BasicApp changes. If our own repo is setup at
git@red:oct.git, change the URL with sed:

    sed -i 's/url =.*\.git$/url = git@red:oct.git/' .git/config

Push it up

    git push origin master:refs/heads/master

Add BasicApp as remote

    git remote add basic_app git://github.com/robertwahler/basic_app.git

=== Rename your application

We need to change the name of the application from basic_app to oct

    git mv bin/basic_app bin/oct
    git mv lib/basic_app.rb lib/oct.rb
    git mv lib/basic_app lib/oct

    find ./bin -type f -exec sed -i 's/BasicApp/Oct/' '{}' +
    find . -name *.rb -exec sed -i 's/BasicApp/Oct/' '{}' +
    find . -name Rakefile -exec sed -i 's/BasicApp/Oct/' '{}' +

    find ./bin -type f -exec sed -i 's/basic_app/oct/' '{}' +
    find . -name *.rb -exec sed -i 's/basic_app/oct/' '{}' +
    find . -name *.feature -exec sed -i 's/basic_app/oct/' '{}' +
    find . -name Rakefile -exec sed -i 's/basic_app/oct/' '{}' +

Replace TODO's and update documentation

* Replace README.rdoc
* Replace LICENSE
* (OPTIONAL) git rm CLONING.rdoc
* Replace the TODO's in Rakefile and bin

Application should now be functional, lets test it

    cucumber

Looks OK, commit it

    git commit -a -m "renamed basic_app to oct"

== Merging of future BasicApp changes

Cherry picking method

    git fetch basic_app
    git cherry-pick a0f9745

Merge 2-step method

    git fetch basic_app
    git merge basic_app/master

Trusting pull of HEAD

    git pull basic_app HEAD

Conflicted?

    git mergetool
    git commit

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 GearheadForHire, LLC. See LICENSE for details.
